---
canonicalUrl: https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Castlevania_(TV_series)
date: 2023-08-19
tags:
- research
- inbox
---

# Castlevania (TV series)

Castlevania is an American adult animated  action television series created and
written by Warren Ellis for Netflix, and is produced by Frederator Studios'
Kevin Kolde and Fred Seibert and Shankar Animation's Adi Shankar. Based on the
Japanese video game series of the same name by Konami, the first two seasons
adapt the 1989 entry Castlevania III: Dracula's Curse and follow Trevor Belmont,
Alucard and Sypha Belnades as they defend the nation of Wallachia from Dracula
and his minions. Additionally, characters and elements from the 2005 entry
Castlevania: Curse of Darkness are featured beginning in the second season, and
Alucard's backstory is drawn from Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. The art
style is heavily influenced by Japanese animation and Ayami Kojima's artwork.
Castlevania was originally planned as a film, developed by producer Kevin Kolde
and his company Project 51. He joined Frederator Studios in 2005, and founder
Fred Seibert agreed to produce the project there. They contracted a script with
writer Warren Ellis in 2007. The project entered development hell until about
2015, and it was picked up by streaming service Netflix. Powerhouse Animation
Studios joined the team and production commenced. The production team includes
staff members who worked in the Japanese anime industry. The series premiered on
Netflix on July 7, 2017, and was renewed for an expanded second season of eight
episodes on the same day; the second season premiered on October 26, 2018. A
ten-episode third season was greenlit by Netflix and released on March 5, 2020.
The series ended with the release of its fourth season on May 13, 2021. The
series received critical acclaim, with praise for its visuals, animation, voice
acting, action sequences, characterization, themes, and writing, although the
pacing, particularly of the third and fourth seasons, garnered a polarized
response. A follow-up series in the Castlevania setting, Castlevania: Nocturne,
is in the works at Netflix which will focus on Richter Belmont, a descendant of
Trevor and Sypha, and Maria Renard during the French Revolution. The series is
set to premiere on September 28, 2023.
